JavaScript const variables must be assigned a value when they are declared 

Variables declared with let have Block Scope

let and const have block scope.

let and const can not be redeclared.

let and const must be declared before use.


You CAN:
Change the elements of constant array
Change the properties of constant object


There are different types of JavaScript operators:

Arithmetic Operators
Assignment Operators
Comparison Operators
String Operators
Logical Operators
Bitwise Operators
Ternary Operators
Type Operators

Comparison
===	equal value and equal type




JS Type Operator

typeof - returns the type of a variable
instanceof - return true if an object is an instance of an object type



Datatypes 

1.) String 
2.) Number
3.) BigInt
4.) Boolean
5.) Undefined
6.) Null
7.) Symbol
8.) object


THe object datatype can contain both built-in objects and user defined objects
Built-In object types
objects, arrays , dates , maps , sets , intarrays , floatarrays , promises



A JavaScript function is defined with the function keyword, followed by a name, followed by parentheses ().


For of loop to be used in array;

For in loop to be used in object;



Ctrl + , = to open settings in VS Code




.) Falsy Values - These values wil give us the value of false 
- false
- Null
- undefined
- 0 
- -0
- NaN
- '' , "" , `` (empty quotes)


.) Equality Operators

1 - === strict equality (type + value)
2 -  !== strict non-equality operators (types + value)
3 - ==  lose equality operator (value)
4 - != lose non-equality operator (value)




Scopes in JS reefers to the current context of code , which determines the accessibility of variable in JavaScript

2 types of scope Variables

1.) Local scope variable are those declared inside of a block;
2.) Global Scope variable are those declared outside of a block 



Method is function inside of an object


Symbol is a unique and immutable primitive data type introduced in ES6 . A symbol is often as an identifier for object proprties to avoid potential naming conflicts 

Unlike string or nmber , symbol are guaranted to be unique . When you crate a symbol , it is unique and cannot be recreated or changed 
This uniquness ensures that symbols will not collide with other property names , even if they have the same string representation